Migrate "Change Time Zone" from wiki (#3379)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/managing/change-system-timezone.adoc

_Note that `+user.timezone=Europe/Paris+` will work as well, but it can interfere with other contexts._

If running Jenkins via a system package, this can be accomplished by
setting JAVA_ARGS in your /etc/default/jenkins (Debian):

[source]
----
JAVA_ARGS="-Dorg.apache.commons.jelly.tags.fmt.timeZone=America/New_York"
----

or /etc/sysconfig/jenkins (Red Hat):

[source]
----
JENKINS_JAVA_OPTIONS="-Dorg.apache.commons.jelly.tags.fmt.timeZone=America/New_York"
----

or, if that doesn't work:

[source]
----
JENKINS_JAVA_OPTIONS="-Duser.timezone=America/New_York"
----

On FreeBSD, the file to edit is /etc/rc.conf, and the option to use is:

[source]
----
jenkins_java_opts="-Dorg.apache.commons.jelly.tags.fmt.timeZone=America/Indiana/Indianapolis"
----

On windows, edit `%INSTALL_PATH%/jenkins/jenkins.xml`. Put `-Dargs` before `-jar`:

[source]
----
<arguments>-Xrs -Xmx256m -Duser.timezone="Europe/Minsk" -Dhudson.lifecycle=hudson.lifecycle.WindowsServiceLifecycle -jar "%BASE%\jenkins.war" --httpPort=8080</arguments>
----

You can also set it from the link:https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/managing/script-console/[Jenkins Script Console] on a live system without the need for a restart.

> This can also be included in a link:todo-replace-by-actual-path[Post-initialization script] to make it permanent.

Reviewer: I believe you want a link to the groovy scripts page and we probably want an example script that will perform the time zone change.

```suggestion
This can also be included in a link:/doc/book/managing/groovy-hook-scripts/[Post-initialization script] to make it permanent.
```

Author: Would an example script be necessary? The script would just be a duplication of the groovy snippet just below.
